feat(application-config): Allow "frame-src" directive in the Custom Application Config (#2403)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/kind-poets-agree.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-config': minor
---

> Introduce a "frame-src" directive to the Application Config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow to use the "frame-src" directive for `headers.csp` in the Custom Application config.
```
